---
title: Publications
layout: default
nav_order: 3
---
# Publications
## Journal Papers
- Zheng, Z., Oh, H., Mim, M., **Choi, W.**, & Lee, Y. (2023). An exploration of robot-mediated Tai Chi exercise for older adults. *Applied Sciences, 13*(9), 5306. [[Full-text]](https://www.mdpi.com/2076-3417/13/9/5306)
- **Choi, W.**, Stvilia, B. & Lee, H. S. (2023). Developing a platform-specific framework for web credibility assessment: A case of social Q&A sites. *Information Processing & Management, 60*(3), 103321. [[Full-text]](assets/pubs/2023-IPM-Preprint-WebCred.pdf)
- **Choi, W.**, Kim, S. Y., and Luo, M. (2022). Design matters in web credibility assessment: Interactive design as a social validation tool for online health information seekers. *Asian Communication Research, 19*(3), 119–138. [[Full-text]](https://acr.comm.or.kr/xml/35042/35042.pdf)
- **Choi, W.**, Park, M. S., & Lee, Y. (2022). Associations between mastery of life and everyday life information-seeking behavior among older adults: Analysis of the pew research center’s information engaged and information wary survey data. *Journal of the Association for Information Science & Technology, 73*(3), 393-406. [[Full-text]](assets/pubs/2022-JASIST-Preprint-Mastery-of-Life.pdf)
- Park, M., Lee, Y., & **Choi, W.** (2022). Understanding the research landscape of information and communication technology integration in dementia-focused assistive technologies: Mining literature from 1970 to 2020. *Gerontechnology, 21*(1), 1–18. [[Full-text]](https://journal.gerontechnology.org/archives/29a258ebbc7940008f4d2acc7663f2f0.pdf)
- Lee, Y., **Choi, W.**, & Park, M. (2022). Respite service use among dementia and nondementia caregivers: Findings from the National Caregiving in the U.S. 2015 Survey. *Journal of Applied Gerontology, 41*(6), 1557-1567. [[Full-text]](https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/10.1177/07334648221075620)
- Wang, S., Lee, H. S., & **Choi, W.** (2021). A feature-oriented analysis of developers’ descriptions and user reviews of top mHealth applications for diabetes and hypertension. *International Journal of Medical Informatics, 156*, 104598. [[Full-text]](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S1386505621002240)
- **Choi, W.**, Wang, S., Lee, Y., Oh, H., & Zheng, Z. (2020). A systematic review of mobile health technologies to support self-management of concurrent diabetes and hypertension. *Journal of the American Medical Informatics Association, 27*(6), 939–945. [[Full-text]](assets/pubs/2020-JAMIA-Preprint-SysReview-MCC-Apps.pdf)
- **Choi, W.** (2020). Older adults’ credibility assessment of online health information: An exploratory study using an extended typology of web credibility. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology, 71*(11), 1295–1307. [[Full-text]](assets/pubs/2020-ASIST-Preprint-Older-Adults-Cred-Assess.pdf)
- **Choi, W.** (2019). Older adults’ health information behavior in everyday life settings. *Library & Information Science Research, 41*(4), 100983. [[Full-text]](assets/pubs/2019-LISR-Preprint-Older-Adults-Health-Info-Seeking.pdf)
- **Choi, W.**, Zheng, H., Franklin, P. & Tulu, B. (2019). mHealth technologies for osteoarthritis self-management and treatment: A systematic review. *Health Informatics Journal, 25*(3), 984-1003. [[Full-text]](https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/epub/10.1177/1460458217735676)
- Zheng, H., Tulu, B., **Choi, W.**, & Franklin, P. (2017). Using mHealth app to support treatment decision making for knee arthritis: Patient perspective. *eGEMs, 5*(2). [[Full-text]](https://up-j-gemgem.ubiquityjournal.website/articles/10.13063/2327-9214.1284)
- Yang, K., Lee, J., & **Choi, W.** (2016). Publication and citation patterns of Korean LIS research by subject areas. *Malaysian Journal of Library & Information Science, 21*(2), 67–81. [[Full-text]](https://ejournal.um.edu.my/index.php/MJLIS/article/view/1711/2427)
- Yang, K., Lee, J., & **Choi, W.** (2015). Looking beyond the numbers: Bibliometric approach to analysis of LIS research in Korea. *Journal of the Korean Society for Library and Information Science, 49*(4), 241–264. [[Full-text]](https://accesson.kr/kslis/assets/pdf/9375/journal-49-4-241.pdf)
- Stvilia, B., & **Choi, W.** (2015). Mobile wellness application-seeking behavior by college students: An exploratory study. *Library & Information Science Research, 37*(3), 201–208.  [[Full-text]](assets/pubs/2015-LISR-Preprint-Health-Apps-Seeking.pdf) 
- **Choi, W.**, & Stvilia, B. (2015). Web credibility assessment: Conceptualization, operationalization, variability, and models. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology, 66*(12), 2399–2414. [[Full-text]](assets/pubs/2015-JASIST-Preprint-Web-Credibility.pdf)
- Chang, D. H., & **Choi, W.** (2008). Developing and testing of an e-journal evaluation model for university libraries. *Journal of the Korean Society for Information Management, 25*(4), 165–184. [[Full-text]](https://accesson.kr/kosim/assets/pdf/391/journal-25-4-165.pdf)
- Chang, D. H., & **Choi, W.** (2008). Trends in integrated electronic resource management in academic libraries. *Journal of the Korean Society for Library and Information Science, 42*(4), 201–221. [[Full-text]](http://koreascience.or.kr/article/JAKO200815541062975.pdf)

## Conference Papers & Posters
- **Choi, W.**, Zhang, Y., & Stvilia, B. (2023). Exploring applications and user experience with generative AI tools: A content analysis of reddit posts on ChatGPT. *Proceedings of the Association for Information Science and Technology, 60*(1), 543–546. [[Full-text]](assets/pubs/2023-ASIST-ShortPaper-Preprint-ChatGPT.pdf) [Slides](assets/pubs/2023-ASIST-ShortPaper.pdf){: .label .label-green } 
- **Choi, W.**, & Zhu, L. (2023). Preliminary findings on developing a scale for credibility assessment on interactive web platforms. *Proceedings of the Association for Information Science and Technology, 60*(1), 929–931. [[Full-text]](assets/pubs/2023-ASIST-Poster-Credibility-Scale-Dev.pdf)  [Poster](assets/pubs/2023-ASIST-Poster-Scale-Dev.pdf){: .label .label-red } 
- Lee, H. S., & **Choi, W.** (2023). Developing a theoretical framework for web credibility assessment on social Q&A sites: Preliminary findings. *iConference 2023.* [[Full-text]](assets/pubs/2023-iConference-Abstract.pdf) [Poster](assets/pubs/2023-iConference-Poster.pdf){: .label .label-red } 
- **Choi, W.**, & Stvilia, B. (2022). Developing a theoretical framework for web credibility assessment—A case of social Q&A sites: Preliminary findings. *iConference 2022.* [[Full-text]](assets/pubs/2022-iConference-Abstract-Credibility-QnA.pdf)  [Poster](assets/pubs/2022-iConference-Poster.pdf){: .label .label-red } 
- Lee, Y., **Choi, W.**, & Park, M. S. (2021). Respite service use among dementia and nondementia caregivers: Findings from the caregiving in the U.S. 2015 survey. *Innovation in Aging, 5*(supplement 1). 951. [[Full-text]](https://doi.org/10.1093/geroni/igab046.3433) 
- Zheng, Z., Mayesha, M., Oh, H., Lee, Y., & **Choi, W.** (2020). Can a robot encourage physical exercise for older adults? A pilot robot-mediated Tai Chi exercise study. *Proceedings of the American Medical Informatics Association 2020 Annual Symposium.* [[AMIA Knowledge Center]](https://knowledge.amia.org/event-data/sso)
- **Choi, W.**, Kim, S. Y., & Luo, M. (2020). Validating an extended typology of web credibility assessment. *Proceedings of the Association for Information Science & Technology, 57*(1), e357. [[Full-text]](assets/pubs/2020-ASIST-Poster-Validating-Web-Cred-Framework.pdf) 
- Oh, H., Lee, Y., **Choi, W.**, Zheng, Z. (2019). Challenges in self-management among older adults with hypertension and diabetes. Gerontological Society of America 2019 Annual Scientific Meeting, Austin, TX.
- **Choi, W.**, & Haigh, M. (2019). Analyzing divergent methodologies for political fact checking: United States and South Korea. *Proceedings of the Association for Information Science & Technology, 56*(1), 627-628. [Poster](assets/pubs/2019-ASIST-Poster-Fake-News.pdf){: .label .label-red } 
- Wang, S., Lee, H. S., & **Choi, W.** (2019). Assessing the informativeness of user reviews on mobile health applications for chronic diseases. *Proceedings of the Association for Information Science & Technology, 56*(1), 790-791. [[Full-text]](https://asistdl.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/pra2.178) 
- **Choi, W.**, & Tulu, B. (2017). Effects of user interface design and task complexity level on user experience in an mHealth application. 2017 Americas Conference on Information Systems, Boston, MA. 
-	**Choi, W.**, Pagoto, S. L., Boudreaux, E. D., & Tulu, B. (2017). Validating a single-item stress scale for mHealth interventions. American Medical Informatics Association 2017 Annual Symposium, Washington, DC. 
-	**Choi, W.**, & Tulu, B. (2017). Effective use of user interface and user experience in an mHealth application. 50th Hawaii International Conference on System Sciences, Waikoloa, Hawaii.
-	Tulu, B., **Choi, W.**, Zheng, H., & Franklin, P. (2017). A framework to design mHealth apps for supporting self-management of chronic disease. 2017 Annual Research Meeting of the AcademyHealth, New Orleans, LA.
- **Choi, W.** (2017). Older adults’ health information behavior in the context of everyday life information seeking (ELIS). 2017 Association for Library and Information Science Education Annual Conference, Atlanta, GA.
-	Zheng, H., Tulu, B., **Choi, W.**, & Franklin, P. (2016). Using mHealth app to support TKR decision making for knee arthritis patients. *Concordium 2016*. 
-	**Choi, W.**, Tulu, B., Zheng, H., & Franklin, P. (2016). Developing an mHealth application for osteoarthritis patients. *AMCIS 2016* [[AIS eLibrary]](https://aisel.aisnet.org/amcis2016/Health/Presentations/25/)
- **Choi, W.**, Pagoto, S. L., Boudreaux, E. D., & Tulu, B. (2016). A single-item stress scale for mHealth interventions. *AMIA 2016*
- **Choi, W.**, & Stvilia, B. (2014). How do college students choose mobile health/wellness applications? *ASIST 2014*. [[Full-text]](https://asistdl.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/pdf/10.1002/meet.2014.14505101115) [[Poster]](assets/pubs/2014-ASIST-Poster.pdf)
- **Choi, W.**, & Stvilia, B. (2014). College students’ value structure of choosing and using mobile health/wellness applications: Preliminary findings. *iConference 2014*. [[Full-text]](https://www.ideals.illinois.edu/items/47352) [[Poster]](assets/pubs/2014-iConference-Poster.pdf)
- **Choi, W.**, & Stvilia, B. (2013). Use of mobile wellness applications and perception of quality. *ASIST 2013*. [[Full-text]](https://dl.acm.org/doi/pdf/10.5555/2655780.2655928) [[Poster]](assets/pubs/2013-ASIST-Poster-Mobile-App.pdf)
- **Choi, W.**, Carranza, J., & Fox, M. (2013). Guidelines for older-adult-friendly online tutorial for Facebook: Content, design, and training principles. *ASIST 2013*. [[Full-text]](https://dl.acm.org/doi/pdf/10.5555/2655780.2655929) [[Poster]](assets/pubs/2013-ASIST-Poster-Facebook.pdf)
- Oh, S., **Choi, W.**, & Valisa, S. (2013). The Sonzogno digital library project. *ASIST 2013*. [[Full-text]](https://dl.acm.org/doi/pdf/10.5555/2655780.2655919)  
- Lee, J., & **Choi, W.** (2013). Difference in citation rates by subject areas of LIS in Korea. *ASIST 2013*. [[Full-text]](https://dl.acm.org/doi/pdf/10.5555/2655780.2655931)
- **Choi, W.** (2013). What makes online health information credible for older adults?: An exploratory study. *CHI 2013*. [[Full-text]](https://dl.acm.org/doi/pdf/10.1145/2468356.2479491) [[Poster]](assets/pubs/2013-CHI-Poster.pdf)
- Baeg, J. H., **Choi, W.**, Lee, D. J., & Lee, J. (2012). The impact of the public library on early reading achievement: Using the early childhood longitudinal study (ECLS) 1st grade student sample. *iConference 2012*. [[[Full-text]](https://dl.acm.org/doi/pdf/10.1145/2132176.2132279)
- **Choi, W.** (2012). Senior citizens’ credibility assessment of online health information: A proposal of a mixed methods study. *iConference 2012*.  [[Abstract]](https://dl.acm.org/doi/pdf/10.1145/2132176.2132313) [[Poster]](assets/pubs/2012-iConference-Poster.pdf)
